
TODO create a web dashboard.
so write a mod that can hook into the server endpoints and read certain data from it
this would then be displayable on a (local) browser window, with realtime updates
this would be an ascension exclusive dashboard.



FINISHED (TODO TESTING NEEDED)
3. setup TribulationData existence validation checks
    - update to also store a tribulation definition so we can ensure they match
    - when checking validate the definition against the expected definition,
    - if there is a difference create a new data instance
    - if they are of the same type then validate the data
    - for path data we are checking the tribulation for the realm below what it is stored at

    - so if the tribulation type has changed to a full reset?
FINISHED (TODO TESTING NEEDED)
4. ensure tribulations are properly cleaned up
    - by default tribulations will wait for entity to return


FINISHED (TODO TESTING NEEDED)
Data integrity update:
    - to insure that paths and skills are not randomly removed, assuming multiple sources ensure their existence I will add
    an ownershipIdMap for each, anything that wishes to add a skill or path must pass some sort of ownership Id,
    - when calling remove, it will only truly remove any data once there are no ownership Ids left
    - for physiques it is either the physique Id or ascension:physique, as for progression holders it is their unique id.
FINISHED (TESTING NEEDED)
make sure to remember to add foundation to write + load


FINISHED (TODO TESTING NEEDED)
setting up atmospheric(chunk) qi

TODO
figure out how to handle the event reason shit.
It is only there for when i handle soul and body splitting, since I want users to be able to say hey during split
these things should go to the body instead of the soul.
some problems.
with things like path data, i need to ensure the host source has a source for that path data
(or accept it as a gameplay feature? where they are now unstable and need to find a way to stabilize before logging of?)
but users may want to use it for other things so im not sure

TODO
create a combat tracker, tracks things like
-when combat started
-when combat ended
-combo count (how many melee hits? or add some flag to damage types that let them count towards combo?)
-add events for enter/leave combat and combo change

TODO
add a cache for path effect values,
the cached categorized includes the default affinity category
should not be too annoying to implement

TODO
Battle styles
- every skill use increases mastery
- add stuff like each skill can only increase mastery by X%

TODO
fully flesh out a plan for how it should function
"a seat has fallen" if they do not log in for an amount of time

TODO
consider

TODO
when in combat cap speed

TODO
update affinity modifier either codec and flatten it. use a temp record with an optional category

TODO
on entities add damage and resistance containers for modifiers (this is different than categorized affinity)


TODO
Request for Olli
Can you add Requirement to Techniques, Skills, Bloodlines, Physiques etc?
in case we want to make a Bloodline, Physique and Technique match
so you have to have the bloodline to get the physique and you have to have the physique to get the technique=?